Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? Well, praise the Lord. We have another video for you.
I was praying last night and seeking the Lord, and he's talking to me a lot about things that are coming, things for my future, for my kids, and for what he has for us.
But a lot of you—I've noticed some of the emails say, "Oh, Brother Brandon, none of that's going to happen when we're here.
We're going to be taken in the rapture before. We won't see any of that stuff."And I have to say, you're delusional.
None of the other prophets are prophesying that. None of the other ministers are ministering that.
What makes you think that God's only going to tell you this stuff? I have no idea why I'm the only one the Lord tells.
He said, "Brandon, because I'm going to tell you, I have a lot of people try to be my friend."And you go, "Okay, can I talk to them?
Can I hang out with them?"And the Lord says, "No, I've called you to be separate unto me.
You won't have friends in this because they will influence the way I talk to you because their opinions don't line up with what I'm saying."That's interesting because I will reach out and want to talk to people and the Lord said, "That's the last conversation.
Don't continue to do that. Don't do that because their opinions don't line up with what I'm telling you, Brandon.
I'm trying to lead you in a direction and warn my people what's coming."Now, what they're hearing, that's between them and God.
I'm not here to judge that. I'm here to follow what the Holy Spirit tells me to tell you.
And if it witnesses with you and it bears witness in your spirit, then go by it.
If it doesn't, put it on the shelf. But at least I can say I told you so.
The Lord told me, he said, "There's a difference, Brandon."He said so many people say, "Lord, all these people say you're humble."Even big ministries say, "Oh, you're humble."And he said, "Brandon, humility is something of the heart.
Either you have it or you don't. Either you recognize that it's Christ in you or you don't.
It's black and white."And I can tell you, ladies and gentlemen, if you really knew how my education was and who I really am as a person, I am—in the natural—what I perceive is a very insecure person a lot of times about things.
But the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, I've called you to be secure in me.
It doesn't matter what men say about you."And he has me on a path to tell you all what he says, and I stand with him regardless of what everybody else says—how popular you can be or who invites you to their house or their conference or whatever.
I don't care. I prefer really to stay right here in my garden praying and talking to the Father and looking at my flowers.
I don't care about all that other stuff. This is just me. I'm real.
All that other crap doesn't matter. People try to boost up an ego real quick.
I see a lot of ego in the body of Christ in the upper leadership.
A lot of people with big heads that feel they're like Saul. You know what it's like?
It's like Saul whenever he lost the anointing; David had it and he thought he was still called of God and God was still speaking to him.
They are as dry as a desert spiritually and they're still pretending that they've got it and they don't have it anymore.
I've seen it a lot and they walk around with this big puffed-up ego and spiritual head thinking the Lord's still talking to them and they haven't had a fresh word in years.
They're still running off of twenty-year revelation. But God is a now God and he speaks fresh revelation all the time.
I've tried to tell you all the people that you see in the forefront now won't be there soon.
And you'll see a new generation of Davids rising up beyond anybody's comprehension of what's about to take place.
But it's not to glorify man. It's to glorify God. And it's about him getting the glory.
Ego and resume, ego and platform is no more. It's all about Jesus.
And I'm telling you, to get the work done that he wants done, you're going to see the glory move in services that you had no idea he'd move into.
You think he'd be in some big shot's service, but you'll hear that the glory showed up in a nobody's service in the natural.
Do you know what I'm saying? Just because Jesus could move through them because they didn't have a puffed-up head.
Their head was deflated. It was just because they were hungry.
For "blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled."So that's what I had to say.
And then there's a lot of you who get mad about big preachers having a lot of money.
And I heard you all say certain ministers, "Oh, they're the devil.
They have this, they have that."And as a person who cleaned for big ministries most of his life, yeah, it's frustrating.
You see they have multi-million dollar homes, multi-million dollar furniture, flying around in multi-million dollar planes, private airplanes, private islands, going out and doing stuff.
And the Lord blessed them. And you'd see a lot of the lay people in the body of Christ, they would do without.
You see a lot of them working for nothing and they're sowing. They're sowing hard. They give hard.
And I believe there is a balance of things that the Lord wants to get across with people because you've been burnt and you give up on things.
Well, I don't believe God wants us blessed, and then you start talking bad about the man of God.
I learned this: no matter how blessed I saw them, I would look at what they gave.
I would look at how they gave. I would look at their lifestyle of how they would help other people.
And the Bible says that if you give, it shall be given unto you—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into your bosom.
But if you are not in ministry and you don't have those huge platforms whenever people aren't giving those multi-million dollar checks to you, how do you make it?
Because my mom and dad, we were all grunts in the ministry. All of us were. And they struggled. I mean, I live on food stamps.
And you go, "Man, we believe in God just to get through."And we're always looking for that Holy Ghost handshake—the gifts and surprises in the mail.
A lot of times they never come. You would sow and sow and believe God.
But I got a hold of the scripture that he gives you power to get wealth, that he anoints your hand to do something.
And I got to the point where I started realizing—I'd watch how the world had ideas and the millionaires had ideas to get wealth through jobs and businesses and things like that, but they weren't janitors, but they set up side hustles.
They would do real estate, they would do stocks or whatever. So I sow my seed and I start asking God for wisdom.
Asking the Father, "Show me how to become the head and not the tail."And I'm telling you, working a Monday through Friday, 8 to 5 job, making minimum wage, you're never going to do it.
You're going to have to believe God for a creative idea to get wealth.
I would say in the natural it's to own your own business, to have a company, to create.
Ask God for what you're good at. Do something that God has anointed you to do.
I've said this before, ladies and gentlemen, but it's the truth.
You never see people working at Lowe's or Home Depot 8 to 5, Monday through Friday, just believing they'll get into upper management and become wealthy.
We just made a good living, but you struggled. You have your little house and your little car, and we're satisfied.
We're happy. But the Lord wants you to have above and beyond all that you dare ask or think.
God is a blessed God. And they said, 'Well, you're a prosperity preacher.'You're right.
You're right, I am. I want to see the body of Christ not struggle because I was there.
I remember. Then the Lord gave me ideas to start detailing cars.
I started detailing cars because I worked for a mega-ministry, and they taught me how to detail cars.
They taught me how to extract carpets. I cleaned airplanes.
I did things for them; I learned how to do things, wax stuff, clean, and get stains out.
I learned all that. So, I took the knowledge that I had from doing that, and I created a business.
I started detailing cars on the side, and I'd clean five extra cars. I'd work my tail end off.
On the weekends, I only took off on Sundays to go to church because I had to work that afternoon at the church to shut it down, and I'd go out and do all day Saturday.
So, I worked sometimes seven days a week until I built up enough money and we put it back.
We struggled, but it took time. I would sow, and I believed God.
I would detail those cars and find people in the church and hand out flyers, whatever it took, saying, 'Hey, listen.
I've got a detail business.'And they would say, 'Oh, yeah, Brandon, whatever.'I'd charge a hundred bucks.
A hundred bucks! Man, I was so excited to get that hundred bucks.
I took that $100 and I would sow my 10% and take a little extra and believe God.
If I could get an extra four cars on a Saturday, I'd work all day long for $400. I thought that was amazing because I worked hard for it.
After supplies and everything, it wasn't that much because I had to buy my supplies.
It was a lot, but I just kept going, building it, and working year after year.
I kept building my clientele up, and then the Lord said, 'I want you to do something else.'So, I got some dogs and started raising champion bloodline dogs for special needs kids—companion dogs for therapy.
You know, when my daughter got diagnosed with autism, a therapy dog was really good for her.
So, I started having ideas of how to help out therapy kids and making money doing that.
What I'm trying to say is then Diana had the idea for eBay, and everybody knows we've done eBay and Poshmark, and that's what we do.
So, instead of getting frustrated with people and seeing their blessing, look at the seed they sowed and then believe God for your idea.
Believe God. When you sow your seed, you start sowing into good ground.
And that's whenever I started realizing that not all ground was created equal in the eyes of the Lord.
People got mad at me when I started saying this kind of stuff.
They get irritated because pastors don't like you to say that kind of stuff.
They get frustrated because they don't want you to try to hamper their churches or whatever.
I'm not trying to cause any ripples or waves; I just state what I feel and what the Lord shows me.
So, over the course of time, the Lord has anointed me to do more and more.
I want you to understand: God wants you blessed. God wants you prosperous.
God wants you to have more than enough. I bring all this up because I know there's a lot of you that struggle.
I try not to touch on finances very much because people get really annoyed when you talk about finances, especially in the body of Christ, because it seems that you all feel that it's been abused and I get a lot of hate from it.
So I try to help you if you will listen, because I've been around the biggest of the biggest in the natural and I've watched it.
I've watched how they sow. I've learned from some of the biggest names in ministry there are.
The Lord has allowed me to see it. I've seen what they have, what they wear, and their closets.
I've seen what the Lord's done with their lives. People criticize it, but I've seen what they give and how they sow.
People go, 'Well, you know,'whatever, man. I'm going to be honest with you: I could care less what they have if their ground is good.
If their ground is good and it produces and you sow into it—say they had a billion dollars and their ground is good.
You don't know what it takes to make ground good. What makes 100-fold ground, and what sacrifice does it take to have 100-fold ground soil?
Instead of criticizing them because they are blessed, look at their soil.
Do they have good soil? Is their soil producing a 100-fold? Yes.
Then there are not very many that do. So don't criticize it. Just sow into it and reap the fruit off of it.
Don't be dumb, because what you talk against, you're not going to receive from.
You've got to not talk against them because if you do, you don't receive the harvest off of it. I've learned: don't criticize.
You get annoyed sometimes and your flesh goes, 'Man, I wish that was mine,'because that's covetousness.
But I just go, 'Hey, whatever you have for me, Father, bless me in my house.'Father, you're no respecter of persons, and what you did for them, you'll do for me.
So I know, God, if I sow into good ground, you said that you reap back a 100-fold return—some 30, some 60, and 100-fold.
So that's what I'm trying to tell you all: ask God for a creative idea and look at the grounds that are blessed.
Find the blessed 100-fold ground and sow into it. And I'm telling you, God will bless your hands, too.
But some people keep giving in the same place, same time, same everything, and they don't ever see.
I look at this: if you go and visit a church and everybody in the congregation is broke, check yourself. There's a problem if everybody's broke.
Now, you go into some mega-churches and there's a lot of seeker-friendly and their soil is not good or whatever.
I'm not saying that just because you have a rich congregation means there's anointing there or the hand's favor is there.
Sometimes I go into some seeker-friendly churches and you go, 'Well, it's just because you've got a lot of doctors and lawyers here that are just looking for something.'But I'm talking about, in general, you can feel when the spirit of God is on something.
Am I making sense? I hope I am because I'm trying to teach y'all something here—what Diana and I watch for. Are the people blessed? Are they spiritually set free?
Are they being fed the meat of the word so that they can stand on the word of God when the storms of life come?
Or are they all busted, their marriage is defeated, they're divorced, they've got sickness, and their kids are run wayward and strung out on drugs, sleeping around, and doing bad things?
Is the congregation successful spiritually just as much as they are in the natural? That's what I'm trying to say. I hope that makes sense.
I get a lot of flack from the emails, and Diana tells me, 'I want you to address some things and tell them where we are with that.'And so in these videos, coming up with content and telling you all things, some may be a hit and a miss.
I'm listening and just pressing into Him. It's a lot of responsibility.
I pray y'all have mercy on me. I'm doing it. Lord, I just thank You for every single person that's representing.
He said, "I want you to take communion with My people."I just had Chipotle chips and, Lord, we're going to take communion with Chipotle chips today.
To God be the glory. It's not religious. It's personal. And Jesus wants you to be personal with Him.
Don't get all flaky. People get all hyperspiritual and you got to have the wafer.
And that's what I've said before. He just looks at the heart.
He looks at the inward man and He just says, "Man, My kid, he loves Me and he wants to have fellowship with Me today."We don't have to go "thee"and "thou."I just go, "Jesus, I'm here.
I just want to have fellowship with You today. Let's sit down and talk."Do you understand? He's wanting to be your Father and a friend.
He's not some God up there saying, "Where have you been?"Hey, He's there with His daddy arms and saying, "Hey, come on in, kids.
Let's go have some coffee."Do you understand? God is a God of ever-present help in a time of need. And He wants to be your buddy. He wants to be your friend.
He wants to see that you have everything your heart desires and that you are fulfilled in every area of your life.
Above all things, that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers, full of joy.
I hope that blesses you because I'm telling you that's what He wants, and a lot of you don't know Him. You know about Him, but you don't know Him.
You know a lot about Him and He may know a lot about you, but does—and He knows you—but does He know you?
I mean, is He allowed—do you allow Him to be in your life? Do you allow Him to be Lord over your life?
Does that make sense? Do you allow Him to be Lord over your life? You still keep Him at arm's length.
"I just have enough, just maybe I can just scratch into heaven. I just want to scratch my way into heaven.
I just ride the fence."So stupid, whenever He wants to have a relationship with you and have abundance to the full until it overflows.
There's a helicopter. So, Father, we just thank You for all our law enforcement as they fly by. That's medical.
Father, whoever's on that medical helicopter, we thank You, Lord, that You protect that family.
Lord, we thank You that You heal the bodies. Everybody that has something, God, there's so many needs.
There's so many people that are broken. There's so many people that need more.
There's so many people that are walking in lack in their bodies and health.
And You said Your words are life to those that find them and health to all their flesh. So, Father, we find Your word today.
We find You and we thank You, Lord, that You said in Your word, by Your stripes, we're healed.
Now, I agree—by Your stripes, they're healed. And I just pray for every person that's on here today.
And we call healing and wholeness and wellness over them right now in Jesus'name.
And we thank You, Lord, that You said that they're healed. And Father, we thank You, Lord, that this is the meal that heals.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus. And we lift it up before You, God.
And we thank You that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank You, Lord, for this body right now. Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood.
Never be in a hurry, Father, to be with You. Always in a rush. People, just be patient and wait on You.
It's like, what else we have to do in life other than to find You? All the other stuff doesn't matter.
Lord, we take the blood of Jesus and we apply the blood of Jesus over everything we do.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our families and over our sins and over everything, Father.
And You said if we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood over our lives today. And we say thank You, Father, for the blood.
And we plead the blood over us, Father. For where the blood is applied, Satan cannot touch it.
And I thank You for the blood today, God. I cover my family in the blood of Jesus.
Take the blood now. Lord, thank You that You're my healer. We're healed today. Well, God is good.
And I pray these videos are doing something for your spiritual walk because I try to get real with y'all.
Because I get tired of super flaky Christian preachers. And they say, "You ain't saying what all these other preachers are saying,"because I'm not called to.
I'm called to say the hard things. And the Lord told me, He said, "You're going to say some hard things and people aren't going to like you for it. In fact, they're actually going to hate you, some of them.
And the more you get popular in this world,"He said, "Brandon, you'll have millions of people come and there's going to be people who actually despise you, but you're supposed to say—you'll say what I say.
And don't be moved by what they think about you. Fear Me, not them."And I'll do it.
I'll do it. Just as country as I can be. Just sit back and say, "God, I will follow You.
I will follow You even if it's not popular."But we pray for our government.
We pray for things because I know a storm's coming. I know a storm's coming.
And if you don't have the word down in your heart, I tell you again, ladies and gentlemen, we will be here for some of this stuff.
And you have no idea. I've seen into the next four years. I've seen the things that are coming.
And to keep rehearsing it and tell you the timeline of what I've seen—it's not time yet.
It's not time yet. The Lord says, "Not yet. Let's focus on the election right now.
Focus on this right now."So, I do what He tells me to do because it's not my channel, it's His.
And if I start going off on a rabbit trail based on what I've heard Him say, He won't talk.
And because He says, "Stick on the path. Pray for the election.
Pray for this stuff."So I tell you this little stuff so it helps you grow.
But let's pray now. Okay. So Father, we thank You for the election. We thank You, Father, for Senator Ted Cruz.
And Father, we take our seat in the heavenlies like I'm seated here in my garden.
And I thank You, Father, for Ted Cruz. And we plead the blood of Jesus over Ted Cruz and over the ballots.
And we command in the name of Jesus for every hidden ballot, every deceitful ballot—all ballots that are not legitimate, Father, I call them to be found and exposed in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Father, that everything the devil intended for bad, You're going to turn it for good in our favor.
No matter how dark they think they can hide things, how dark these people are that think they can hide things, Father, You will unveil and uncover all their darkness.
For, Father, You're the God of light. And I believe in the name of Jesus for supernatural revealing of all hidden things.
And I plead the blood over Tennessee. I don't know why I just heard that, but Tennessee, I plead the blood over Tennessee.
Okay, Father, we plead the blood over Nashville. And Father, I rebuke any terrorist attacks off of Nashville right now.
Father, off the Grand Ole Opry, all around the area, Father, all around those areas, I plead the blood over that area.
And we say in the name of Jesus, any terrorist activity is found out and busted in Jesus'name.
We come against terrorist activity in Tennessee. And we say in the name of Jesus, Satan, you will not do what you are planning on doing.
And we come against you and we say all hidden things will be revealed.
No mass casualties will take place in any of these areas. We plead the blood of Jesus over Tennessee, over Nashville.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're rising up in Las Vegas.
I just saw a glimpse of Vegas. Are these all on the same day? I pray over Las Vegas, Lord.
It is interesting for people. I'm praying in tongues; I'm praying in my heavenly language. It's the gift of God given to me according to Acts chapter 2.
I believe with all my heart you have the gift inside of you; you just have to believe and receive it.
So I'm going to pray in the spirit and you pray with me if you know how. Now, I just saw a glimpse of New Orleans Bourbon Street.
It is a simultaneous attack when people are distracted with much drinking in these areas, with intoxication on these streets.
I'm seeing people who are very intoxicated; their senses are not alerted for what's happening. These areas are picked: the bars.
It's not as strong in New Orleans as in Tennessee, Nevada, Nashville, and Las Vegas—the party scene.
There's something about New Orleans, but it's not as strong as what I see about these two places.
There's something more. It's like one and many, but I would say New Orleans is darkest.
It's a mass plan for which we take authority over in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over it, Father, that the people would be found and brought to justice.
Father, raise up leaders to bring people to justice who are here with ill intentions in America in hidden cells.
Hidden cells of these people are here, and we call for an exposing of cells around the election time in the next week for great distractions.
I see this. We plead the blood over this situation and we thank you, Lord.
I see plans to create fear and intimidation. Let all hidden things be revealed, Lord, as we all pray together.
Let there be not one loss of life, just like what you did in Coachella; you protected every one of them.
Now, Father, I thank you that the people would rise up and nothing will happen in these areas. There's more than just these two.
The Lord says there's more than just these two, though He's given me a glimpse into these two.
Father, there's more now. You want me to just pray over this.
What the enemy had intended for bad, Father, you will turn it around.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for uncovering the darkness. You will send your angels right now to make war against these men.
For Father, you said in your word that you give your angels charge over us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
As believers, we even pray over the unbelievers that they would have a visitation from you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you are anointing law enforcement like never before. Father, I see the enemy's plans.
There are multiple plans: plans to disrupt, plans to create fear, and plans to destroy, kill, steal, and destroy.
But Father, I thank you that your angels are there. We worship you. As we believe, we receive your divine protection.
Father, I thank you that it would be exposed and we would see it in the news for confirmation.
Some things we can't see in the news because it causes fear, but I know what you've said, Lord.
Some things we'll never hear about; we will just pray about it. You will get the victory and the glory.
We lift up the senators before you, Father, Ted Cruz and the others.
I thank you, Father, that the righteous are rising up in the name of Jesus and taking their place of authority.
I thank you, Father, that any hidden ballots will be discovered.
I thank you, Father, that President Trump will win by a landslide in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord. You said embarrassing moments were coming for Kamala.
I thank you, Lord, that she would repent and Father, that you expose the darkness in the Antichrist agenda.
We are rising up and believing that we have the victory because your word says, 'Call those things that be not as though they were.'You take care of this, Father, concerning Kamala Harris, all these senators, and the judges.
Father, we believe that the babies are protected, that we will not have major abortion laws passed in the name of Jesus.
The unborn are crying out from the earth's soil, from their mother's wombs, crying out for justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for justice will prevail. Righteousness, truth, and justice will prevail in the name of Jesus concerning the unborn.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you called us for such a time as this to raise a standard against the devil, saying you will not do this anymore.
We hold the blood of Jesus against you. We pray for the unborn and over the laws set in motion that they will not bear fruit in our land.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that men and women rise up and vote godly, not for selfish gain.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers this nation.
I thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for us. One last call is coming for America.
I believe with all my heart what you've said to me. I believe what you've shown me and I thank you for the fruit behind it.
Lord, we believe we receive it right now. Thank you, Father, for your healings, for deliverances, and restoration of all things.
Thank you, Lord, for prosperity and the goodness of God. Thank you, Father, that we're going from glory to glory.
If you are new here and you've never watched one of my videos before, welcome.
I appreciate you coming. I would appreciate it if you would stick around.
If you could like the video, subscribe if you haven't, click the notification bell, and help us with the algorithm.
It really does help us. I know YouTube doesn't like me praying about election stuff. I get it, but I don't care.
I'm going to keep praying what the Lord tells me to pray about and do what He's called us to do.
We plead the blood of Jesus over Tennessee, over Nashville.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're rising up in Las Vegas.
I just saw a glimpse of Vegas. Are these all on the same day? I pray over Las Vegas, Lord.
It is interesting for people. I'm praying in tongues; I'm praying in my heavenly language. It's the gift of God given to me according to Acts chapter 2.
I believe with all my heart you have the gift inside of you; you just have to believe and receive it.
So I'm going to pray in the spirit and you pray with me if you know how. Now, I just saw a glimpse of New Orleans Bourbon Street.
It is a simultaneous attack when people are distracted with much drinking in these areas, with intoxication on these streets.
I'm seeing people who are very intoxicated; their senses are not alerted for what's happening. These areas are picked: the bars.
It's not as strong in New Orleans as in Tennessee, Nevada, Nashville, and Las Vegas—the party scene.
There's something about New Orleans, but it's not as strong as what I see about these two places.
There's something more. It's like one and many, but I would say New Orleans is darkest.
It's a mass plan for which we take authority over in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over it, Father, that the people would be found and brought to justice.
Father, raise up leaders to bring people to justice who are here with ill intentions in America in hidden cells.
Hidden cells of these people are here, and we call for an exposing of cells around the election time in the next week for great distractions.
I see this. We plead the blood over this situation and we thank you, Lord.
I see plans to create fear and intimidation. Let all hidden things be revealed, Lord, as we all pray together.
Let there be not one loss of life, just like what you did in Coachella; you protected every one of them.
Now, Father, I thank you that the people would rise up and nothing will happen in these areas. There's more than just these two.
The Lord says there's more than just these two, though He's given me a glimpse into these two.
Father, there's more now. You want me to just pray over this.
What the enemy had intended for bad, Father, you will turn it around.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for uncovering the darkness. You will send your angels right now to make war against these men.
For Father, you said in your word that you give your angels charge over us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
As believers, we even pray over the unbelievers that they would have a visitation from you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you are anointing law enforcement like never before. Father, I see the enemy's plans.
There are multiple plans: plans to disrupt, plans to create fear, and plans to destroy, kill, steal, and destroy.
But Father, I thank you that your angels are there. We worship you. As we believe, we receive your divine protection.
Father, I thank you that it would be exposed and we would see it in the news for confirmation.
Some things we can't see in the news because it causes fear, but I know what you've said, Lord.
Some things we'll never hear about; we will just pray about it. You will get the victory and the glory.
We lift up the senators before you, Father, Ted Cruz and the others.
I thank you, Father, that the righteous are rising up in the name of Jesus and taking their place of authority.
I thank you, Father, that any hidden ballots will be discovered.
I thank you, Father, that President Trump will win by a landslide in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord. You said embarrassing moments were coming for Kamala.
I thank you, Lord, that she would repent and Father, that you expose the darkness in the Antichrist agenda.
We are rising up and believing that we have the victory because your word says, 'Call those things that be not as though they were.'You take care of this, Father, concerning Kamala Harris, all these senators, and the judges.
Father, we believe that the babies are protected, that we will not have major abortion laws passed in the name of Jesus.
The unborn are crying out from the earth's soil, from their mother's wombs, crying out for justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for justice will prevail. Righteousness, truth, and justice will prevail in the name of Jesus concerning the unborn.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you called us for such a time as this to raise a standard against the devil, saying you will not do this anymore.
We hold the blood of Jesus against you. We pray for the unborn and over the laws set in motion that they will not bear fruit in our land.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that men and women rise up and vote godly, not for selfish gain.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers this nation.
I thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for us. One last call is coming for America.
I believe with all my heart what you've said to me. I believe what you've shown me and I thank you for the fruit behind it.
Lord, we believe we receive it right now. Thank you, Father, for your healings, for deliverances, and restoration of all things.
Thank you, Lord, for prosperity and the goodness of God. Thank you, Father, that we're going from glory to glory.
If you are new here and you've never watched one of my videos before, welcome.
I appreciate you coming. I would appreciate it if you would stick around.
If you could like the video, subscribe if you haven't, click the notification bell, and help us with the algorithm.
It really does help us. I know YouTube doesn't like me praying about election stuff. I get it, but I don't care.
I'm going to keep praying what the Lord tells me to pray about and do what He's called us to do.